---
layout: post
length: long
title: "financial goals"
categories:  geek english
author: dan graziano
goto: www.cnet.com/news/google-failed-to-address-the-one-problem-plaguing-android?ref=speak.junglestar.org
go: figure
via: Rohan Blake
---
### "As an Android fan I should be excited for the new Android M software, but I doubt my phone will ever see the update. And that may well be the biggest problem with Google's phone operating system"

**_Commentary_**

<!-- more -->
What I want to see change is for devices to keep getting security updates after the 2 year support period is over.

Security updates plus app updates goes a long way.

I dont even understand these articles anymore Android has a 2 year Flagship support system.

Android is made up of different tiered devices low-mid and High end:

- Whats the lollipop adoption rate for android flagship phones release in 2013 to now.

- Android M will be coming to all flagship phones released in 2014 to now.

- Android L is running on devices from 2013 to Now.

Why compare iphones to the entire ecosystem makes no sense.

People expect a billion users to be running Android L 7 months after release.
Android have too many moving parts which the Chip makers who wants to sell new chips to the OEMs.

The carriers who want new phones to sell.

The OEMs who want to make money selling new devices.

All it takes is for one of them to say No for the software update to be blocked.

Most people I know own a newer android flagship device in the U.S.

M7 owners will have to buy the M10.

GS4 owners will have to buy the GS7.

They keep comparing Iphones which is a flagship device that sold well to All android devices ( low to mid range).

It cost money to update phones.

Only a few OEM is making money selling Android devices.

ZTE, Huawei and Lenovo of the world who ships a lot of devices dont have a Killer flagship devices and they're not going to support all those devices they shipped around the world.

If the phone didnt sell well I dont expect them to be updated forever.

You have t pay the carrier to approve the update and sometimes they want new devices on their network.

They make money off phone contracts they dont care about old subscribers.

My problem is with manufacturers who release phones with outdated software.

To me thats the issue everyone should focus on.

The G4 launched with 5.1. So its on pace with Google.

The GS6 have to update to 5.1 first then M.

So Android update issue have to do with OEMs shipping devices with outdated software.

I dont expect the 2013 Moto G to get Android N.

Android is on a yearly software recycle so that automatically fixes the update issue.

The GS6 will be running Android M in 2015 then N in 2016.
